improved install instructions (#420)
kyma-project/cli: README.md

To install Kyma CLI on Windows, download and unzip the [artifact](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases). Remember to adjust your **PATH** environment variable.

```PowerShell
${KYMA_VERSION}=1.2.0
Invoke-WebRequest -OutFile kyma.zip https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases/download/${KYMA_VERSION}/kyma_Windows_x86_64.zip

Expand-Archive -Path kyma.zip -DestinationPath .\kyma-cli

cd kyma-cli
```

> ### General
> 
> To install a different release, change the path to point to the desired version and architecture:
> ```bash
> curl -Lo kyma.tar.gz https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases/download/${KYMA_VERSION}/kyma_${ARCH}.tar.gz
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE**: To install a different release, change the path to point to the desired version and architecture:
>```bash
> curl -Lo kyma.tar.gz https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases/download/${KYMA_VERSION}/kyma_${ARCH}.tar.gz
>```
```
Maybe we just can put it in a note? what do you think?
